CRMIOP-3371 more and remove icons 16px versions (#3296)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/slick-actors-check.md

---
"@sumup-oss/icons": minor
---

> added 16px icon size for more, more_circle and remove

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added More, MoreCircle, and Remove icons in size 16.
```
